Damian Fontenla
FullStack Developer
dami.fontenla@gmail.com

Summary
System engineer highly creative and constantly looking for innovation and improvement. Passionate
 about new technological challenges that arise and the improvement that can deliver our work solving
 problems for users and society.

Always proactive and motivated to give the best of myself

Experience
FullStack Developer at Despegar.com
enero de 2015  -  Present

Back-end/Front-end Developer, application responsible to model the business and integration of
 many car rental agencies to the company platform.

Using techs like. Jetty & Java 8, Spring, Hibernate, MySQL, Javascript, AngularJS, Angular 2,
 Bootstrap, Gulp, Bower, MongoDB, Webpack.

Migration AngularJS to Angular 2.

Tools (measure, report, communication): New relic, Jenkins, Google Analytics, Jmeter, Hotjar.

Technology Entrepreneur
junio de 2016  -  Present

Personal development in progress, used to play and test different technologies, techniques of
 analysis and development.

Media web application, with the aim of showing different content of the most important media in my
 country and South America region. Generating themes with different media approachs.

http://noticiarme.com.ar/

Developer at Epidata
diciembre de 2012  -  enero de 2015 (2 años 2 meses)

Page 1

Back-End/ Front-End Developer, i was part of many development teams working (Java and
 Javascript projects). Taking part of the design, estimation, implementation and task delegation.
 Working on both new and existing productive projects.
Using techs like, Java, Weka, Javascrpt, JQuery, JAX-RS, JAX-WS, Spring Core, Hibernate, JBPN,
 Maven3, JBOSS4, SVN, Struts2, GoogleMaps, JSF, Jenkins, Sonar,

Developer at Clínica Modelo Lanús
abril de 2013  -  septiembre de 2013 (6 meses)

Development to display information from different systems and get a customized output. Performing
 analysis, design and implementation of the application.

Programmer Analyst at Cognizant Technology Solutions
marzo de 2012  -  enero de 2013 (11 meses)

I was part of a java development team (backend). making unit and functional tests and application
 refactors.
Using techs like Java, CFX, Spring, JBehave, Guava, Maven2, Tomcat, Jenkins, Sonar.

QA Analyst at Southworks
marzo de 2011  -  enero de 2012 (11 meses)

QA Analyst of several projects, preparing and executing test cases and performing the
 corresponding documentation.

Education
UTN FRBA
Ingeniería en Sistemas de información, Ingeniería de sistemas, 2007 - 2013

Page 2

Damian Fontenla
FullStack Developer
dami.fontenla@gmail.com

Contact Damian on LinkedIn

Page 3

